Website
Forum
Block Explorer
Config Generator
Twitter
Facebook
Telegram
News Channel
Slack Invite
Slack
Reddit
GitHub
What is HUSH?
HUSH is a fork of Zcash that had a modest premine instead of the ongoing Founder’s Reward that has a development focus on secure messaging and adding assets and smart contracts to the underlying Zcash technology stack.
What is our vision for HUSH in 3, 6, 12 months?
03 Months:
To have launched HUSH Messenger and have begun the port of CounterParty to HUSH.
06 Months:
To have CounterParty on HUSH (HXCP) working and the crowdsale for HXCP tokens completed and SuperNET DEX trading implemented in our wallet.
12 Months:
To have all of the above and additional items on the roapmap completed, including the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) working in the HXCP layer.
Why invest your time and resources in HUSH?
The very active development team includes the maintainer of the non-linux ports of Zcash and a number of other Zcash forks, and new tech features are actually launching
BEFORE
any ICO/Crowdsale.
How HUSH works?
You can read more about the technology stacks that HUSH integrates at:
How will HUSH be different in 6 months from what Zcash, Zclassic and Zencash is today?
The on-chain assets that ZcashCo are working on adding to Zcash proper are not as powerful as CounterParty assets, and they are not looking at directly adding the EVM to Zcash. The Zclassic and Zen development teams are currently in flux, and while some of the promised features of ZEN are similar to those for HUSH, we believe we have and will continue to have a better track record of shipping releases.
How HUSH works?
You can read more about the technology stacks that HUSH integrates at:
How will HUSH be different in 6 months from what Zcash, Zclassic and Zencash is today?
The on-chain assets that ZcashCo are working on adding to Zcash proper are not as powerful as CounterParty assets, and they are not looking at directly adding the EVM to Zcash. The Zclassic and Zen development teams are currently in flux, and while some of the promised features of ZEN are similar to those for HUSH, we believe we have and will continue to have a better track record of shipping releases.
Source &amp; Wallets
Source Code
Linux Wallet
Windows Wallet
Mac OS Wallet
Android Wallet
iOS Wallet
Coming soon!
Not Yet!
Team
Axel Karlsson
Founder &amp; Community Manager
David Mercer
Lead Developer
Iolar Demartini Jr
Founder &amp; Web Developer
atthew Reichardt
Core Developer, Tooling and Forum
I want to contribute!
Contributions from the community help keep Hush alive. To contribute join us in our Slack, and review our Github repositories.
Slack Invite
GitHub
Donations keep the lights and servers on.
Hush
Bitcoin
Pools
If you want your pool here, please get in touch.
Exchanges
Translations
Official Thread
Articles &amp; Videos
Thanks to